Hi Guys Welcome To ICICI Decodes
lBard Elevate
So today we are going to decode ICICI LBR
Elevate Products. Yes. a lot of people
Reached out to us through DMs, through
Comments since we reviewed the product
started because they are making there
Decision based on our product review. All
I was just asking when will you review Elevate?
do? So today that time has come. So you
About this product Each and Every
You will get the information and you will know the complete
Whatever information is available, it will be
It will be completely honest. Why? as you know the
Answer: Of course, there is no commission or advertisement of any kind.
Revenue does not influence through
Insurance companies. Hens as much as ours
The content is completely adulteration free and
He is honest. Hanes Let's Start This
Particular product review. So today's
The expert with us is Mr. Ayush Dubey.
As you know Aayush is the cofounder at Of course. only
Is heading research at course and has been
Into Space for 8 Plus Years Now. and yes
With this credibility he has been featured
On to multiple news publications such as
Mint Business Standard Outlook Money End
Many more. Welcome Ayush. Thank you.
Thank you so much for having me Hitesh. you are
Welcome Ayush. So Ayush, you know me.
So many people's friends and
There have been DMs in the family that ever since Elevate
I have come and asked my friend, I am a product
Should I promote myself and my health?
Insurance De Have Wo About Porting
Talking and Porting Genuinely
It is a very hard decision right now.
Let's not talk about porting but our point
Let's talk about Elevate.
What a stir this product has created.
And let's decode this particular product
And I need your honest advice.
Complete Expert Honest Advice for Elevate
I wanted from you. Whatever my doubts
Yes, I will ask. I have a lot of doubts
I will definitely come. It might be that it might
The review should also be bigger. But it's okay my
Let's decode. Each and Everything Lets
Decode it. Come on, come. So let's start
By tempering the product. We spend a lot of time in the wee hours
This product may be. You each
Keep doing it and tell me if there is such a spice,
Is there such a tadka in this product that
What Makes It So Lucrative and How
Is the company selling this particular product
In the market? Sure Hitesh. So like you
Rightly Said Product Caused a Lot of Stir
It has been created. Yes, it is in the market, right? Yes.
If You Have Seen Elevate
The logo of Elevate which was used
In it they have put an infinity of
Sign at the end yes. Isn't it? Infinity's
Sign is given. Its meaning is that
There's so much infinite stuff in it.
Isn't it Hitesh, that means till date in any industry
I had not yet derived such a meaning.
Such a means of innovation in which
Infinite is giving things. what all is there
Infinite? Let's talk about this one by one
By doing. Jo Masala Tadka The USP Right Uske
Let's start from there. Sure, most
The first thing in this is Hitesh's plan.
Offers Unlimited Sum Insured What?
There is unlimited cover amount in this brother. Meaning
that generally policies
Generally it starts from 5 lakhs, 3 lakhs. We
And they have a maximum upper cap of 1
You can take a policy up to Rs 2 crore.
You can take it up to Rs. 3 crore.
Right? There is no upper cap in it.
Unlimited sum insured. well we
Unlimited Summed Some means 5 crore, 10
crore, 20 crore, 50 crore, whatever came
Your claim is covered unlimitedly. Now
In today's date you must be feeling where
Normally people are buying like 5 lakh or 10 lakh
Lacquer cover. But let's say like 15, 20 years
Down the line. Looking at the Inflation Right
Now. Health care costs are rising so much
Is. You never know how much it will be tomorrow.
Absolutely. Today the cost of surgery is less than
₹ lakh or ₹ 5 lakh if ​​any
That inflation of an X and Z surgery
But now within the next 10 years it will double.
It could be triple. Of course we are like that
Unlimited sum insured is something on time
Which can be considered, you are there, consider it.
Can do it. I am not saying that
Consider me saying it can be done
Is. But if I look at it, it will be ₹3 crore.
Even crores are enough. Meaning unlimited 2 crore 3
Even crores are enough. If you ask me personally
If you ask, it seems like an unlimited cover amount.
Very good, yes brother, I will take it.
Unlimited cover amount right means we are over
The research team was doing like a quick
Analysis revealed that if Rs 1 crore
If you take cover then some 30-35% of it
Too much premium for Like Unlimited
Cover amount if you are purchasing a policy of
Like if you take 1 crore and unlimited cover
The difference between these two is like 30% to 40%
There is a difference between them. Isn't it? So think
You can take it for this. Having
Said that there are a couple of catches in this
No? Sure if you need to port tomorrow
You have taken the policy Elevate as of today's date
But you don't like your service.
doing. You never know right that tomorrow you will get how much
Right now, as of today, people of ICICI LBD
The market is praising a lot
In. But you never know that tomorrow it may happen
That the service is not good for you personally.
Started. We or maybe their genuinely
Service is not good or giving claims
Meaning he is creating problems. You mean switch
I have to do it now. When we are porting you
when you are then you tend to port to like a
Similar Policy Right and Even Better If
Unlimited sum insured. Where you port
Doing they have unlimited sum insured
Not there. Then it is correct. This one point
Done. Now we have talked about the port.
If you are porting then nowadays recently
Our community of experts
we have in that I'm hearing that
Insurance to downgrade as well
Companies are creating some problems these days.
Is. Chaos is being created. I was always
In give downgrade in the sense means if you
1 crore policy as on date from Lets
Bought it. Now according to 1 crore, you can
You are paying premium according to your age. We
We all know that as you age,
As the premium increases, so does the premium.
Will do. Either year on year insurance will be done
company or according to the age slab
We will do the right but premium for you.
It is increasing as we do
Right now, according to 1 crore, you
The premium is increasing if at a time
I came to know that you have become unaffordable.
So what do we recommend for you in general?
We will ask you to convert 1 crore into 50 lakhs.
Or reduce it further, we are here if you want to do it.
Because downgrading is like upgrading
Downgrading is easier than upgrading if we upgrade.
If you're doing it, then your underwriting again.
The extra cover amount you are getting
If you want to add rights to your policy then
At that time, your age also increased when you
If you are upgrading then underwriting at that time
Maybe they will reject it
Doesn't mean you have to upgrade
So downgrading is always like a
Better Option This Is The Philosophy That Of Course Has
Been following us from like a lot of years
But recently from our expert community
We have heard that nowadays
Downgrading from an insurance company
Also means creators are creating issues.
So you take unlimited sum insured once
You got trapped by it. good and down to you
I don't know if it is unlimited sum insured. Today
In the date of, I am saying that 30-35%
There is a higher premium. But you never know tomorrow
Health care inflation may be the reason
That is four times the unlimited sum insured
They paid the premium. Hmm hmm
Isn't it? And it is a very young product. As yet
It has not been even a year since the product was launched.
Not a single policy has been renewed
Who bought Elevate? so we don't know that
What is going to happen tomorrow? Yes. Isn't it? So
All this shooting in April 2025
Exactly. This product was the last I thought of.
Right Around July and Somewhere in July
Around Like July Forgetting the Exact
It hasn't even been a year since the date
When the product comes into the market then there
What does it mean to have too many uncertainties?
That's why I say unlimited sum insured is
something which is va fancy achha to lag raha
Yes, but these are all small catches.
Not even small, it's huge for me.
There is a catch, yes, big ones, yes, I know, I know, meaning
These are things that mean customers know
Our audience should know
There must be such things that
You should keep in mind that you are not directly
If you are looking for unlimited sum insured then buy
Here you go, sir, perfect, I have one more thing
Wanted to add that unlimited sum
Insured is not something that is insured by ICI number
You haven't taken the Arivet before either.
There are some other products that don't have
Unlimited sum insured, right?
We will also talk about products.
Podcast shoot later but yes it's not
Something that is coming to the market for the first time in India
Unlimited sum insurance has come into the market
So there must be some learnings from the past that
Elevate may have acquired the old rights
Tales means in old products which
Unlimited cover may have come, but that too will do no good.
Some learnings may have been taken but the old
Any old ICICI products
There was no product that had unlimited.
The second insurance company is one of its
There was a product in which the meaning was unlimited.
No, and that insurance company too
He is very young. His product is also very young
Is. Understood right? So then it means learning
Is there something that is yes, of course, question?
You are absolutely right that what I mean by learning is
Meaning, make a good product.
She can and does the same
Insurance companies obviously but yet
I don't know, there is still uncertainty about this matter.
To understand this, basically show it
Greatly enhanced butt with a hidden catch behind it
The important catch is that next
Go 20 years down the line like there might
There are chances that I need to downgrade my cover.
Very much chances like kisiko jaanta hai and we
Don't very much uncertain, it is exactly and
We don't know friend, I don't know what to expect tomorrow.
Whether downgrade will be allowed or not
Will go. If I am listening now, then tomorrow
I don't know when I go there. It could be the opposite too
yes. Maybe they are letting it happen. V
Never Know That the Uncertainty Right Know
Not there. 100% okay? So
I understood this about this tempering.
The one with Infinity was there so now the customers
You got to know what the hidden thing is. To you
Don't just take it by looking, know everything. Correct
Is? Ayush understands about a tempering
Came. And some such things are included in this product
About what a customer should know.
We talked about the infinity sign.
Absolutely. Its next one is benefit
USP That Is Something Known As Infinite
Care. Infinite Care. Infinite Care.
Ok? This is something that I
Exactly the first time I've seen this thing
This is the first time in the industry that such a launch
Someone did it. Good. In Infinite Care
Basically, whatever cover amount you have taken
Yes, policy. What is the reason for this benefit?
happens that through out the life time of the
Policy OK right that you are going to renew
Yes, you keep doing this year after year, year after year
whole life time for as many years as
You have this policy, we can give you any one
Whatever amount the claim is, it is okay.
The insurance company is liable to settle
Good for you if you have a policy of Rs 5 lakh
Lee okay and even after that if you have it
We will give you this benefit
How much is the entire policy amount in lifetime?
Whether the claim is for 20 lakhs or 30 lakhs
There may be a claim of even Rs 50 lakh.
The insurance company will settle, but only once.
She will settle only once, yes, very much
Hitesh, it is an important thing that we make it available.
It's like an add-on, nice extra for it.
You will have to pay extra premium
Remember that you will have to pay a premium.
And one more thing Hitesh, if you have unlimited
If you have chosen sum insured then you can add on this
I can't take it, that's what I was going to say.
It doesn't make sense because you
Unlimited has been taken, sum insured, then after
All this is settlement of the claim.
This is the settlement and how much did you pay?
If the rider is taken and in unlimited sum
Even if you take assurance, it means the purpose is defeated.
It is happening. I am not even getting a point. correct
Is. So if you have unlimited sum assured
If taken then you are not eligible to buy this
Rider. Got it. But if unlimited sum
is not insured and whatever the maximum
Whether you have kept the capping minimum or
If you are taking maximum cover then this add on
If you have taken it then basically you will get a
No matter how much the claim is in the entire lifetime
No matter how much the insurance is worth
The company will pay. Will cover. Correct. Nice
Nice nice. So one thing was hidden that
No, it means it's an add on anything
Specific which a customer should know about
This particular Infinity Care has some of its
hidden inside or something that the customer
You should know that as a customer I have invested Rs 10 lakh.
I took cover, Infinity Care as an Ad
I took it on, now I will tell you my
So there are a couple of things in this, Hitesh, which I
I want to tell you that you will get it off course.
Well, you will get it on terms and conditions and
The underwriting philosophy will matter
whether you will get the policy or not
If you are getting the policy then yes you can buy Inception
When you are buying the policy for the first time
policy then you can add this add on
OK or you can add it on first renewal.
Can you not after not after second generally
What happens with add-ons is that you
You can also add it on renewal.
Most of the policies I'm talking about are ad
On like you as such got it but it particular
You can install the add-on either on Inception only or
You can buy it either on the first renewal
You can buy it, okay, after this, second, third
You will get this add-on from the fourth year onwards.
No, I won't get it, I got it, one by one.
Point second point is that Hitesh is in this ad
After adding on, we can continue till every year.
Keeping it updated as you renew
Will have to. If you have renewed this even once,
If you remove the add-on, you will not be able to add it again.
You can do it. Good
Nice. Ok ok ok. Isn't it? quite yes
This is interesting. Yes. that if you buy
Then you are renewing with Lee add on.
Like let's say like five years down the
Line you deciding that dude premium too
It is happening too much. Just remove the add-on
Am. I will take it out. Removal is allowed.
You can remove it but then the ad will not be added again.
Ok. Ayush is all about infinite care.
I also understood. Understand hidden conditions too
I came. I also understood that it is an add on.
Let's Talk About Other Spices If There Are
More spices in this particular product.
And there are some more spices in this product. I so
It might seem so. You tell. another morning
I would like to tell you about Hitesh. That
Again this is going back to our infinity
sign.
that there is a reason there are so many meanings in
People have interpreted infinite as
Meaning of the sign of infinity among their people
He has put it. So one and one
Benefit is their hitesh whose name is power
booster. Yes. So what is this power booster?
Yes. So power booster Hitesh basically we
I have already talked about bonuses in my episodes.
I have been talking about it. that or not
Insurance company one percent one percent
Off the cover amount gives edge bonus. Hmm
During the time of renewal. End
There is a maximum upper cap. generally that is
100% is something which can go up to 150% or even 200%.
Gives. So this benefit is power
Booster it is something it's like a super
There is a bonus, isn't there a super bonus? Isn't it ok?
These people call their loyalty edition
If you look at the policy wording, super
This is basically a loyalty edition, right?
It has 100% year on year performance during the time
Of renewal, these people will keep increasing your
cover amount and there is no upper cap what
We mean if you take a policy of Rs 10 lakh today
And if your policy is renewed then 20
It will become one lakh next year and the year after that 30 lakhs.
lakh the next year 40 lakh the next year
50 lakhs and this is renewed after renewal after renewal
Your renewal will go away and there is no
Other Upper Cap will be something up to Unlimited Times
Your cover up to an unlimited number of times
These people will keep increasing the amount.
Basically, you get these benefits through
Unlimited sum insured will remain but the same
It is expected to continue growing year after year. all year round
The year will continue to grow. If you have unlimited cover
If you have taken it then it will be unlimited from day one.
Has gone. We are here to help you with your unlimited
To reach you mean year on year
Will have to keep renewing. one and one its
The special thing is Hitesh that this is guaranteed. You
You are claiming something from whatever it is
It doesn't matter. We will give you 100% guarantee year after year
These people increase your cover amount from this
Will remain. Meaning in Irrespective
You are making irrespective claims. How is this
It is possible? This is us, this is the reality.
This is the truth that premium then means
If I pay a premium of Rs 10 lakh, then this
If I take an add-on then it will definitely be mine.
There will be an add on, it will be very cheap, so my
It is very best for me, so I am everyone
If you buy this product then you are right but
Premium Not Now Premium Yes Premium
Now let's talk a little about the premium.
Premium Yes I know Premium No
But I will tell you about the premium last
I will talk about its premium on Hum Log.
What I pay you right, your analogy is 100%
Correct what you are paying for the base
That rider's will obviously be less than that.
No. That is true. And this thing is like that.
Yes absolutely. The question is who all the people are
Will you buy this product? yes why me
Should I buy another product? So Hitesh for that
I want to tell you two things.
Here. One is that the insurance company
Never add all these types of benefits
Can't turn off ons etc. Add-ons
So especially that add on will stop showing
Those people have their own website. Tomorrow you will know
Not there. He withdrew it.
Good. Yes. can do this thing that this
There is a particular add on, we use this add on
Are withdrawing. What is this matter? Me
may do. Why not? Insurance
This thing is not at the discretion of the company.
No matter how much you fight, you can't do anything.
At the discretion of the insurance company
I can remove this thing as per my wish.
I feel like no, I am making
Loss because of this. Like add on. So Imagine
Not like right now I was giving this
For example, I took a policy of Rs 5 lakh and
By paying a little extra premium, I
I installed this add-on. Isn't it? so mine
Actually now it's time to claim 30 from Let's
But we can give that customer to the insurance company
Able to pay us now lets say that one month
Five such customers came to the insurance
10 customers came to the company just like that because the cover
He had kept the amount very low.
I kept my premium low and added this rider
By adding the cover amount of these people,
More than this, basically this rider
Utilization was increasing somewhere
Somewhere the insurance company will sit and think
No, then friend, this means a lot.
Because of this I am incurring loss, otherwise we
So I was liable for Rs 5 lakh, yes yes it is.
No, yes, either that or the rider premium will increase.
will give renewal on today's date that whatever you
You are also doing it on X, will we make it 2x or
So it is possible that he may withdraw it.
It got it so I always recommend over here
At least we always recommend all of these
It is not good to see the fancy features and
Innovation is needed in the industry. I am not
I am not saying that I am against innovation
There should be innovation but the point of innovation
Seeing innovation from the off view, you plan to
should not be finalized
You should always look at the core benefits. We
Isn't it? Core, what do you have?
Are there any benefits? An appropriate cover amount
you must have. Now these three
We have talked about the USP which adds tadka and
Those three covers of spices related to the amount
Was in which if you noticed, right?
So the cover amount is something which is
Obviously which is very knowing that
Inflation is increasing so much. You never know.
So the cover amount is something that should be
But the cover amount should be appropriate.
Isn't it? I highly recommend our
Customers to go and check our True Match tool.
Basically we complete the True Match tool.
Analyzes need base analysis and
On that basis we tell them today's date
What is the minimum cover amount you should take?
Needed So that's until you're turning like
60-65 years old you have enough cover amount
are. Isn't it? right that you get upgrades etc.
You don't have to think about doing it. Isn't it? So that's why
We will calculate and tell you the minimum cover amount.
Yes to the customers. Isn't it? so appropriate
It is very important to have the cover amount. Isn't it?
Along with this, it is equally important to look at the core benefits.
It is necessary. Core benefits that should be given
It has been, hasn't it? about which we have previously
also always talks in his episodes
We people. Right? Those core benefits are good.
Should be. More terms and conditions
There should not be any such thing. then according to
You should take a policy. Rather than that
Well, in this it is infinite infinite.
It is infinite. So, I mean, close your eyes and do this
I made it work for you. good for me
It is also affordable. and plus infinity
It is infinite. In this, the cover amount is
There will be no worries at all. So just buy that
Policy. Ok. So this this shouldn't be the
Philosophy Got Idly Speaking. So yes, I mean
That's correct. Infinity Infinity we do a lot
Have been. and at the same time
I quite think that people who might be
Taking the Infinite Cover Etasetra Esetra Vo
Slightly upper level above each income bracket
That happens. Right? Majorly Mass to us
Have to appeal. Mass Co Insurance Company
Wants to appeal. That's why they like it
have added as an add on also infinite
Cover. I understand it, but yes, the premium
You will tell me otherwise go to premium at the end
Let's discuss. Let's see its premium
How much does it come out? What is the premium for AIDS?
It comes out. So you know about the core benefits.
in what you always tell me is the core
We should take the decision after looking at the benefits
That's what you get on the basis of core benefits now.
Can make a decision. Customer can make a decision
Whether he should buy the product or not. So
If there is no other tadka left in it then we
Core benefits may come to mind. Hitesh in this
There are R20 Plus riders available in this
Plan. Oh my god, I mean highly
This is a customizable plan. So you your
Add many things to it accordingly
You can, you can subtract. We are
No? So this is something that I personally
Appreciate that there are many such plans.
There are things that are inbuilt.
For example, maternity benefits are
It is inbuilt. We now If a customer is not in
That fuzz of life where she gets her maternity
Benefit needs that he is like at he
Mid 40s, late 40s, means you've had a baby.
Is. So it became irrelevant for them.
Not that plan. To avail maternity benefit
I don't have it. Yes right? I'm Just Giving
You are an example. or or get it and still
But I am taking maternity benefit because it is inbuilt.
So I can cover my maternity expenses in the base plan.
I am paying for this also. So higher premium
I am paying. Yes 100% so it is always
Better to have like these types of things as
Add ons. That is available as an add-on. You
If you want to take it then you can add it. No
If you want to take it, you can contract it. Remove
Take. Ok. Ok. Isn't it? for the
customers out there like we can make a
Separate video on these add ons. Because
I think there should be a video. Or
Or absolutely. We are an add on
You can make separate videos that not just
For Like Elevates But For Like Otherwise
Products that are well-suited for add-ons
yes and like dun dun dun you guys comment
To tell weather you make
The video is not okay so Ayush and
If there is any spice or tadka in it, then
Talking about add ons, Hitesh then Edge I
already told you so many ads are there to
According to me, these three benefits that we have
I've talked about this little stand
All other add-ons are out, like More and
Less Like You Know There Are Other Players
Also, they would have been giving all the false meanings.
Are. Ok? Riders so that means let's
Not like you know get into all the riders
Right now like you rightly said may be we can
Cover All The Riders In A Sense video. So
Let's straight away jump to the core
Benefits Now. So now I think Hitesh this
Like the fifth of the sixth episode. So I came
Would you like to know that you know
What are the core benefits?
Which we have been talking about.
And then I will tell you what that means
Sure sure sure. try my best
Do I remember it yet or not? Ok? So
I will tell you about its six core benefits.
Let's discuss. We Start with IPD
Which is emergency hospitalization? So
Customers, look at me a little bit, I have come yet
Has gone. So inpatient hospitalization is
basically any hospitalization which is
Above 24 hours. And the expense of that
It is covered in every health
Insurance. what is the subcent component
Is it in this? There were limitations within it which
We used to talk about the limit of room rent.
Exactly, wow, I remember now. But
What happens in this? I don't know. room rent
What is the limit on this product? room rent
Limit Hitesh Basically in this single private
It is an AC room. It is well defined that
Meaning you can take a private AC room that is
It. Correct. No money generally yet we
All the plans I have made, correct me if I
M Rong, none of those plans.
It was found that there was a single private AC room
Was. In base cover. Yes, No, Edge is not true
Was. Edge wasn't true. Room rent in any
Limit. There was no room rent limit. room rent
There was no limit. Not having it would mean that
That you are eligible for any room.
Right? But in this plan, single private AC
There is room. Meaning of Single Private AC Room
This happens Hitesh that you go to any hospital
If you are getting hospitalized then you
You can avail this facility only for single private AC room.
Be eligible. You are anyone above this
Deluxe Room, Suite Room, Super Suite Room, Yes
I mean, the presidential room is for everyone.
You are not eligible at all
Too. Definition of Single Private AC Room
If you guys check it, then most of it
Lowest category single
There is a private AC room, right?
In the hospital, you are eligible for that.
Ok, good. Single Private AC Room
also be of different yes yes yes categories
She can, right? Two or three types of singles
There may be private AC rooms. So single
Private AC room which is the lowest category
Not for the hospital you are in.
You are eligible if you are a single private
There is a room rent limit for AC rooms. Have you come?
Limitation here, this limitation has come now
In L of ICICI LBA. having said that like
I already told you that it takes more than 20
Riders available in this plan. One of these
There is an add on called Room Modifier. Good
Room Modifier add on means that if
If you pay some extra premium then you
Room limit for single private AC room
You can make any room by removing it. Ok
OK got it. extra premium for that
You will have to pay. have to do it. then from
Yours is fine. Another thing is that the room in it
If there is a modifier add-on, you can upgrade it.
You can do it in any room. if you want
You can also downgrade. that I am single
I don't want a private room. I am twin
I want to take sharing. you mean me
The premium will be reduced. Exactly. Oho
Oh My God. We want to reduce my premium.
It is mine. I don't know me as single
In private AC room. I am happy with
Like to insure. Nice means very good
This product plays with customization.
I have played very well that means I have
Not targeting a particular segment.
Meaning, each base level was created. Now you
If you do plus then do plus. minus then minus
do it. If you minus, then minus. Your
It's above. You're over you, right? You
I have Single Private AC Room Base Plan
Gave it also. Yes. You want to reduce now
If yes, we will reduce the premium.
Yours and you less means your room room
Rent eligibility is decreasing. And
And if you want to upgrade, Annie
If you want to go to the room, I will do that too.
A question that is coming to my mind
that if I take a room modifier
And if I downgrade, what do I need to do?
First thing is to pay the premium for that add-on.
Will it cost extra? Otherwise, whatever your
Overall premium is premium automatic
It will decrease automatically. Yes, that means the same thing
I doubt that if he has to pay then it will be mine
Whatever will be reduced, how much less will it be? Does it make any difference?
Sense doesn't make sense nowadays
The premium was Rs 10,000 and I downgraded it.
But I'm also going to downgrade
If I am paying extra money then it is mine
Net Net is the same, but yes, upgrade.
I have to pay to upgrade
Obviously logically, I got it, I got it
It's okay so I mean the room rent limit is given but
At the same time this product has given the
Add on that brother, whatever you say in front or behind, you
What to do is upgrade or downgrade
you can do it which is a nice
thing I believe it's a nice thing yes so
Understand the exclusion of AYUSH room rent limit
I came apart from that someone such hidden
Condition any catch which a customer should know in
Patient hospital very nhanced mean things
Hitesh but ours is excluded from this
Customers can go and check out the decoder page
On that we hid all these things
Highlighted in the Conditions section
Is. They can also go and check out the policy
Wordings of the Elevate Product Anything
There is nothing specific as to why
Their purchase decision will change. No
There is no such truth. No cheese is a half
And which are the general terms and conditions
Patient hostelization that is across all the
The products are applicable. OK got it. So
IPD was discussed, so after IPD, now this
I made up my mind that first
Hospitalization occurs. hospitalization
After that comes pre and post things.
So let's go to pre and post hospitalization
Second core benefit: You can know more about it.
Tell me. Like you rightly said, Hitesh
Prehospitalization means being hospitalized
Any expenses incurred earlier have been incurred
If there is, then that and whatever after discharge
There are expenses, they are called post.
Hospitalization expenses right to off
The course is covered in this we end up to cover
The amount is covered, there is no limit as
Really nice, whatever cover amount you have taken
Till then you will get reinforcements for that much.
Hospitalization will also be provided with reinforcements
Hostelization is always for a set number of days.
It is available for right
Preconditioning Separate End Post
Hospitalization aside, hmm. So Elevate
The number of preconditioning in the product
Of Daz is 90 Daz. Good. up to three months
You can. Home and Post Hospitalization
It is 180 days. Which is I think good. So
Post hospitalization to is at par end
Some flagships in pre-hostelisation
Products that offer the best insurance
There is more than that. It is better. Pre or
Post? Pre Pre. Good. Ok. Pre little
It is better. end post housingization which top
There are maximum products in the market nowadays
Is. They give it for 180 days. Six
They give it for a month. Ok? Post
In prehospitalization
There are some companies which are giving 60
As yet. Giving up to 90 days. Good Which
Is a good thing. yes yes and there is there is
No eliminator, no exclusion, nothing. means up to
Hitesh Nursing in Some Pre Hospitalization
Care at home is excluded. good that home
Pay if you nursing care nursing layer kar
If you are there then that is excluded. Pre
There is hospitalization. explicitly writes
These people are this thing. Ok. Ok. Post
There is no such truth in hospitalization.
Same general terms and conditions as in all
You speak. So in this one of
I am having doubts about Ayush that let's say I have
Took a 10 lakh cover, then I added that
After applying the add-on, where our
Cover amount increases to ₹1 lakh
The bonus you talked about next year
If that is 20 lakhs then what is that here
I have pre and post hospitalization
You will get up to Rs 20 lakh, yes ok and infinite.
You will get infinite cover, correct, okay.
ok doubt clear any one
If you are taking bonus in the plan then
That bonus is added, all these things mean
It is also for benefits and not just
Prios for like organ donor for like Ayush
Treatment lets you do any meaning
Take the benefit, that overall means only your
Any one means only inpatient
It is not for hospitalization, meaning you
As much as before inpatient and meaning and
Expenses were done, pre-done, post-done
For everyone or whatever means and organ owner
You would also be getting hospitalized.
understood applicable across okay okay means
I had a doubt so I asked, okay?
So we covered IPD, we
Prepost covered. Now a hospitalization
Which happens within 24 hours.
What we call day care hospitalization
Are. Right? So tell me about it
About the benefits. So within 24 hours
I would rather say day care
Hospitalization or day care treatment
This means Hitesh. Yes, that your
Hospitalization happened today and today itself
You have also been discharged. with in 24
Hours. Isn't it? which would have otherwise
Taken more than 24 hours. He is inpatient
She should have known. But due to
Technological Advancements in the Medical
Even today, the field is 24 hours long.
It is already happening. Isn't it? Meaning 24
It's happening within an hour and then it
He is also being discharged the same.
This is called day treatment. In this also
It is covered. Cover up to sum insured. So
There are no hidden conditions. Super perfect.
Ok. So Ayush means in this I mean till now
Everything is ticking in the elevator. that room
Rent limit was introduced in IPD but even in that
He hit a six with the room modifier.
Elevate means it is still running perfect.
Correct. A is looking at hospitalization
All treatments are covered. because
You always mention that all the things in Elevate
Treatment Treatments are covered. ok there
There is no specific list for which
everything is covered, everything is covered
If it's perfect then it's okay now let's talk
About a hospitalization that occurs at home
Which we call domiciliary hospitalization
Are. You can tell me a little about that benefit.
Tell me. So Domiciliary Hospitalization Hitesh
It is covered in this also. Isn't it? So Like You
Rightly Said Hitesh's Home Hospitalization
Is domiciliary hospitalization there too
Conditions that the customer, the patient
His condition has deteriorated so much that he
Can't even move to the hospital or
Whichever hospital you go to
Yes, beds are unavailable there.
If there is no availability of beds then you
Who needs this thing in writing medical
From the practitioner I always tell this not I am
Saying this once again people every single thing
Must be written by a medical practitioner
I want everything each and everything has
To be written. Meaning, as many overs as can be played in it
Go as much as you can. Everything should be written down. every
Every single thing should be written down. little by little
Cheese got it. It won't remain written, will it?
The insurance company cares about something
I will get it, understood? What does it mean to do this
Yes, I did not give this thing in writing, so what does it mean?
Claims will not be passed. each and every little
means something smaller than . I Can't Fsize
On This Enough That Everything Should Be Written
Through a medical practitioner. So medical
practitioner to treat either of these two conditions
If any one condition is occurring then write it down
You have to take it anyway. And then when you
If you give it to the insurance company, then you
Are you eligible for treatment at home?
For. Got it. Got it. Elevate has a covered
This is domiciliary treatment. there are a couple
off conditions that I would like to mention such as
Minimum three days of your
Hospitalization should be done at home. Good
Only then will you get it. Minimum three executives
Days' hospitalization will be at home. only then
You will get the claim. Ok? Apart From
This there is like a list of illnesses. We
If you are taking treatment for it at home
If yes, then that person remains excluded.
Are like around 12 to 15 in the list meaning
There are some policies in which this happens.
This is the condition of three days and this is something
If it doesn't happen then Elevate One
Of those plans that have this okay and list
If we talk about hypertension,
I have developed such types of asthma that
People have defined the meaning and list.
If you are getting treatment at home
If yes, they will be excluded and will not get it.
No and up to some insurance there are no
Restrictions in the use of supplements
So no matter how much you are up to in this, you are in it
You can do it, okay, it is perfect, then all
The hospitalization of our four things
Around hospitalization, we covered
Another thing that comes under the core benefit
Look, I'm just telling you what I remember.
I am saying one more thing which
Is Part of the Core Benefit an Organ Donor
Organ donation is a right, so please tell me a little about it.
About Customers and What is the Benefit
In this particular policy? Correct. So
Organ Donor First of all, Organ Donor Core
Why is there a benefit? and organ donors therefore
Core benefit is benefit because today's date
Organ donation has become very preventable.
The lifestyle we are living today.
Isn't it? and organ failures etc.
Incidents have become very common. Organ
Transplantation in Itself Is One of the
The Costliest Things. go to a hospital
Whatever you can do. Isn't it? one of the
Costlyst. It goes up to 20-30 lakhs.
The doctor depends on different organs
At the hospital. But it can be so expensive
Organ.
So you should pay attention to this benefit.
It must be noted that organ donation is available.
Isn't it so? And if it is available then what are the terms
Are there end conditions? how much what supplements
Yes and all. So that's what organ donation is
something that you should look at it is supposed to
Be a core benefit. It's a variant
Benefit. What is an organ donor?
Basically two types of surgeries are involved.
We are basically insured persons.
If someone with insurance takes the organ
We are talking about his hospitalization and what
He is giving his organ too.
There is hospitalization. So Organ Donor Benefit
The organ I am donating is of
Hospitalization charges are also covered
goes. We are in Organ Donor Benefit
No? Nice that the person who is donating
transplantation and hospitalization
Expenses are being incurred due to organ donation
Related full organ donor benefits
and anything which a customer should look at in
This particular generic terms and
Organ transplantation occurs when conditions
right about that
Meaning of Human Organ Donation Act
All that should be in accord with him
Things across all policy words
If it is applicable then the same thing is there in this also
Understood, other edge truth, there are some hidden conditions in it.
Or there is nothing like that. There are some things
This includes Preos Hospitalization of people like Hitesh
The Organ Donor Is Not Covered. well yes that
That was just the hospitalization before that and
Everything that happens after that is covered.
Will not do. Isn't it? then other than that
Like some complications are happening.
While doing surgery, those complications are
Also not going to get covered. well this
We have included all these things in the product.
Explanation is not written. There like three four
X Exclusions with Respect to This
Like you no benefit. Then again I would ask
Our Customers To Go And Check Out Decodo
Page. We completed it on Decodo.
Keeping exclusions and such like down
We are the people. So you can see it there. Policy
Words can refer. Very simple language
It is explained in. So the core benefit organ
The owner is a bit important and the link to the decoder
We will give it in the description. so you can
Check Go and Check It Out. Okay Ayush. So
Ah five core benefits we have covered.
The Last Core Benefit Which Is Modern
Treatment. So you tell the customer a little bit.
whether there is modern treatment and is
Are there any hidden conditions? The first thing we
What benefits do we get and what is included in it?
There is a hidden catch or hidden condition that the customer
You should know. Hum So Hitesh Modern
Treatment means that nowadays there are so many advancements
It has happened in the medical industry, so his
Because there are many things that are advanced
The treatments have arrived. Have arrived.
Right? Advanced Treatments Like
Stem cell therapy, immunotherapy, robotics
Surgeries, High Intensity Focused Ultrasound
These are the types of things that haven't been covered before.
There used to be, policies used to be excluded
In. But after 2019, IDI mandated
Has given. Everyone must be given this benefit
You will have to pay your policy. And IDI has a
The list has also been prepared. 12 means in that
People have specified it. so to you
These 12 modern treatments should be covered
Will fall. Hum and Sari Insurance Companies
She covers them. There is something else besides
Plans that also do 13 or 14 instead of 12
Are. But yes this product has 12
Available which is not a standardized idea
I would do it. There are no hidden conditions. Ok? End
It is covered up to some in short. there is
No submits applicable as well. Superb.
Superb. Ok. So all the core benefits
We have covered AYUSH. and modern treatment
There is no hidden condition in this. Organ
Some basic things about toner that you mentioned
That there is no preposition. Right? and any
If something critical happens at the time of
He will not undergo surgery. Butt Edge True
Roughly some decisions in a core benefit
The one who could change the customer's was not there. We
It may depend on customer to customer
I can be 100% sure so it all depends
Upon you. Our work is honest to you.
I have to give advice. Honest decoding is
The entire product. You see you
How to take a decision based on the
Content. We are fine Ayush. So I said in the early morning
Talk about. Three in the morning, my
Let me talk. We've talked about the core
Benefits. Age True Even in Core Benefits
There were no conditions. But it's okay. means there
Our certain conditions vary from customer to customer
Very well done and customer can make their
Decisions accordingly. Correct. Apart
From that is there any specific benefit
Which would you like to tell the customer out there?
which you have to tell the customer because of which
Whether their purchase decisions change, we or they
So that you can make your purchase decision. So something like this
Benefits if you want to tell me. So
Hitesh like I already told you before there
There are like more than 20 riders available in
This plan apart from riders also this
The plan is quite comprehensive they have
Like to many benefits available in this
Plan Apart From the Core Benefits Too
All other benefits are some benefits
There is something for many customers
The benefits are completely useless for the customers
So according to me, for example, one or two
I give you an example for example
As consumables become claims protectors
This is an add-on and is available as an add-on.
on which consumables are covered
Consumers like PPE kits have become,
syringes, gloves, all of these
There are charges, these people will cover them.
Through an add on and claim protector name
This add-on is available in up to some
It is up to these shash. No No Age True Hidden Condition and
You should buy this.
There is a benefit of doing inflation protector.
There are many such restore benefits.
This is our normal one which is a bonus.
Accumulative bonus is also called loyalty bonus.
So what I would suggest Hitesh is that we
Create a separate comprehensive video
In which we'll be covering like you know
All the riders and all the other extras
Benefits That This Product Has for Now
Like you know, let's stick with the core.
benefits and according to that then meaning we
People move on. So if whenever we will
Make the video we will put the video link in
The Description. so people who are watching them
Can See The Video From The Description
Itself. Okay Ayush, so our benefits
I knew it, but I realized that I
What will be getting. Getting a lot of things
To say. So let us now also know that
What will not be available? Correct. Exclusions
Arnt. Correct. So in this policy
What are the things excluded?
Are? If you can share some right on that. So
First waiting in Hitesh Exclusions
Let's talk about periods. waiting period
First of all, the initial waiting period which
It is for 30 days. Exactly that
If any of your children are injured due to an accident
If hospitalization occurs then within 30
If you claim even in days then
The insurance company will pay but only because
Of accident. If due to illnesses etc.
If it happens then after 31 days. Ok?
Applicable Across All The Plans. So it means
There is nothing special in this. Correct
Is. So next is Hitesh pre existing
Waiting period for disease. Pre-existing
The waiting period of a disease means that
When you are applying for the policy, if
You have a pre-existing condition
You had treatment or certain medications
Etc. was going on in the last 36 months.
Your application before the end of three years
If done till three years ago
So he has to have pre existing condition pre
This is called existing disease
field and by declaring it if you policy
If we issue it then there is a waiting
period that you need to serve that waiting
Only after the period is crossed
You can claim for a particular disease
Yes, understand that in this policy, that is 36 months.
three years basically three years basically that
For example, if you are diabetic, you
If the policy is issued with diabetes
For the first three years, you will have diabetes and its effects on your blood sugar.
Any other related hospitalizations
So the claim for that will not be passed.
Got It Got It will be done after three years
Now you who talk to me every time in every episode
You have been asking, can you reduce this?
Mine was going to come like I have
Already told you that it is highly customizable
This policy is available as an add-on.
Ok. Give three years to whomever you want.
You can do it for a year or even three years if you want.
You can do it for one year also. Okay nice nice.
So obviously if you are 2 years old from 3 years old
If you are doing it then the premium will be some x percent.
Will increase. If you are converting 3 years into one year
Premium and means greater than x plus
Greater than x plus. Explain x%. Got it. But
This is good. But yes, for 36 months you are an adult.
You can do this after 12 months of your pregnancy.
Waiting period for existing disease.
Superb. Apart from this Hitesh there is
Another add on available in this policy Yes OK
In which the insurance company has given some pre
Existing diseases have been listed
For example, diabetes, hypertension, etc.
etc. we we its waiting period you
You can reduce it till 30 days, don't say it
please yes if you want if you have
You have diabetes or hypertension
You also have asthma or one of them
Okay, if this is the case and you added this ad to them
If you have done this then you will have to go through all these pre existing
You will get 31 of the diseases listed.
Coverage will be available from Days itself. oh my god
Then 12 months and 24 months and 36 months we
There are too many things in this product, please be
You have gone, oh, I mean finally a product
Found in which can reduce you what was
Happening earlier that people were inclined
Towards corporate policies because there
Pay immediate cover is available for there
Parents' rights
correct yes okay means it's a it's a good
Thing Like Because I Have Seen Other Policies
They were not offering this and if I get it
So which is directly and I am 36
If I am coming to 30 days from month, it means 36
I reduced my sex 36 times from month to month.
If I gave it then what else does it need, correct meaning
People who have money and if they need it
of this product so this this can be one of the
Best product but yes watch the full video
Make the same decision and plus I would like to
Add that in this add on there are like list of
PDs that have been defined, yes, so that
If any of them is there then only it makes otherwise
Meaning he's not going to get anything for it.
Logical, so this should also be kept in mind
And like you rightly said that this is for everyone
You will have to pay extra premium
Okay, apart from this 30 days waiting.
Three years waiting period for PED
Period Anything Else Apart From This
Apart from this, waiting for specific illnesses
There are period specific treatments
Insurance keeps it defined etc.
Companies we have a list of that
Are not pdis na Hitesh don't
That it was not a pre-existing disease for you. They
You are healthy. You have purchased the policy.
That doesn't matter. That insurance company
He has said that this is the list I am giving
No, if you need to get it treated
Anything related to that, that's me
Specific waiting period you have to serve
Will have to. Ok? This is in every policy.
thing. The list can be different. policies to
This waiting period is in Policies Elevate
24 months. Two years. Ok? Two years. Correct
Is? Again coming to an add on. Yes, I was
Asking That. By using which you can get 24 months
You can do it for 12 months. Ok. So minimum
That means it will definitely be 12 months. Correct. 12
It lasts for months. Ok? Got it.
Ok? This is a good thing. Like Apna 24
We are able to convert months into 12 months. So
There will be a minimum of 12 months. 12 months
This will remain. Will last for 12 months. there are a
Few like you no listed conditions this
For which there is 90 days in the policy. Good.
Ok. There is also 90 Days. some are like this some are like
There are around five to seven illnesses. whose
We will do the treatment only after 90 days.
You can. 21 Day Se OK Special Specifically
Feel understanding but yes 24 months
Generally you can do it for up to 12 months
can using an add on okay so a
We understand type exclusion.
Any other exclusion which you would like to
So one part of the exclusions is over.
waiting periods hitesh the other part is the
List of exclusions that insurance companies
has specified it. So a set off
We have covered the exclusions, Hitesh.
Which are the waiting periods? The Other Set
Is the list of exclusions that this
Insurance companies have specified for this
Plan. Right? So there is a list, Hitesh.
which is the general exclusions which IIDI
has specified. Isn't it? He is everyone's
It is applicable to all. there is nothing to
Compare in that as true. So in addition to this, a
There is a list of specific exclusions.
Right? List of specific exclusions
It is there too. There are like 10-12 lists of
SPECIFIC EXCLUSIONS WHICH I WOULD ARISE
Our customers to go and check out our
Decoder page.
In this page we have given complete end to end list
Downed what specific
It is excluded. And the customers can know
About That from There. got it go or got
It. Got it. Ok. Ok. so we have
Got to Know About the Features Correct.
Spices the tadka of the product and at the
Same time exclusions as this product
In. True. Ok? So based on this
Things How would you rate the product?
What do you mean by rating a product?
Would you like the product? like you already
No Hitesh, of course we are unbiased
In a comprehensive way, we
People can rate we rate all the
Our methodology of weighing products
Average and Relative Scoring Hum ICICI LBD
The Elevate plan has been rated 4.5 out of 5
of five in terms of 4.5 out of five in
Terms of Product Benefits. Okay yes.
Meaning in this I have seen products which
Var above 4.5 yes. But why is it 4.5? So
There are a few hidden conditions there are a
Few clauses in it due to which ruminant
One thing that happened is that it is like an add on.
Basically for the base policy we have given four
Correct. Base policy core benefits etc.
Taking and couple of more benefits a well
About which we will make a separate video.
Like with all their enhancements etc.
You know you can definitely go and check out
Our Decoder Page. In the decode page, we
Hidden conditions etc. also list down
Are. So you can check there also.
What hidden conditions, wherever hidden
There are conditions, where we are negative.
Mark each and every product. So
Keeping all these things in mind, this
The product is rated 4.5 out of
Five. Ok. Ok. means I have asked
Thinking that it will be very high rated. Butt okay
Is. But I got it that's the base. Add to this
Ons are not included. Right?
Ok. So we have talked about the product.
But at the same time, the product is not the only one
Would.
There are also very different things. Customer
Experience is very important and
There are a lot of them. and always complete
Let's talk about these three things.
So that customer who has come, who is watching
Are they able to make their proper decision weather
They have to purchase this product or not.
Right? So let us do one thing on that.
Let's go to then let's talk about the customer
Experience. How is the customer experience
Remains for ICIA. So Hitesh Customer
I always take claims more than service
Experience Because Any Customer Like You
Rightly said claim if God forbid comes
It should happen tomorrow, it is correct, it is logical.
There is no point otherwise you took it.
Very fancy product, everything is there
You are paying premium in it year after year.
Premiums are getting higher
In fact, when the need arose in the last health
If you reuse it, you will have to pay.
If it is not right then what is the point
Let's Talk About Teams Experience First
I would say it's not about Teams experience.
First of all, of course, I claim
Hitesh to rate the experience
There are like a couple of parts whom we
People consider data aggregation.
From their website public disclosure
From ID's annual report etc. etc.
Now let's talk about two or three parameters.
We do. Like for example first of all
About Incurred Claims Ratio
I will talk about ICR. if you can
Quickly Explain What ICR Is Yes.
So Hitesh, ICR means that
How much total premium is it collecting?
Insurance company? G and those premiums
How much of this do they have to claim?
So it has a ratio, it's like a
Percentage of claims received and how much
The premium has been collected by them. These
Ratio anywhere from like 55 to 60%
If the insurance remains between 80%
Of the companies. We are considered like a healthy
You know like economically for insurance.
So for ICICI LBA basically this percentage is
78.85%
Which is good. Which is good as per the
Benchmark It's Like You Know Pretty
Decently right. Ok ok. So another parameter
Ritesh that I would like to include is that the
Percentage of claims that are getting settled
With in 30 days of getting the claim
Reported right to variant parameter
Because settlement is happening quickly basically
99.78% of claims
Good of the claims that are getting
Reportedly getting settled with in 30 days
Buy ICICI 99 plus is a good number then this
It is more than 99.78%, some even ok
Give in and put at up to 9% is also I know
Insurance sum in is 100% he will eat.
Correct. Yes. But of course it is going
Depend upon the volume of claims also
That they are getting that means that Apple to
Apple comparison should be that if I take ICICI and
Bamard is one such insurance company
which is new or
Did you understand that much? No, this is his new business.
understood? So yes. Ok. Ok? So we have
Talked about this to the Matrix. Parameters
Matrix can also speak. And you
Three had spoken. So what is the third one?
third. another another parameter that I would
Like to discuss Hitesh is that the percentage of
Complaints that they are receiving at the time
of Claims. How many complaints are coming in?
What is his percentage from the customer?
The Time Claims Okay So That Is Decent
Like 1% is theirs I know insurance companies
Those with less than this are OK and there are few
Insurance companies with even lower INR
No it sounds very less but percentage wise
And relatively speaking point 1% is also
like it's okay I'm not saying like it's
Bad and all and this is okay but I know
Insurance Amazeo Cases Also Come There Are
Other parameters also that we consider Hitesh
Hmm to rate like you know games
Experience. To check please visit our
Website. Please go to our deau page and you
Can Check Out All The Parameters That We Guys
R Considered. For Rating Games
Experience of the Insurance Company. So
based on these parameters and others
Parameters which you have mentioned. So everyone
How do you rate your claims experience?
Will you do it? Meaning how is the claim rated?
Experience of ICICI? Claims
ICI Robot gets 4.3 in Experience
Rating given is Outside. So oh nice. 4.3
Isn't it bad? Bhai Saheb means because we have
Discuss products that have lower charges
Some yes yes yes most
Insurance Companies Out There Meaning Most Is
Not the Right Guy But Like Insurance Companies
It is very much defeated due to the gaming experience.
Those people eat it brother, the product is very good.
He made it on the Params experience.
The ratings of those people are not good, so it means
Overall ratings ultimately mean everything falls.
and we have already talked aba aba aba aba
Aba Aba About That Games Experience
So, sort of obviously means I product
I am making it clear that finally means
Yes, it is true if needed. I am
I went to college but I am not getting placed.
So yes, what is the point of going to college?
I understood it correctly, okay?
Talked about claims in claims
The product also has a decent rating of 4.5.
The rating was 4.3 for its claims rating.
which is decent now let's talk about the
Customer Experience Correct Customer
Hitesh in Experience There Are a Few
Parameters That We Consider for Gratifying the
Customer Service Experience as Well as
For example, we randomly call the
Insurance Company Toll Free Number Just To
C means how quickly you can connect with a human agent
You connect to. how of what quality
Is the conversation happening? how much knowledge
Listen to the agent you're talking to.
Look how well he is able to explain it.
How much sales, how pushy is he about sales?
Everything Like Consider Amongst The If I Am
Taking only one parameter that I will talk about
How quickly you connect with an agent
When you call, what you
Time is that is average okay isn't it they are not
Like way quick also quickly you agent
It does not connect and is also very slow.
No, it means you are just sitting and watching IBR.
Consider that two, three, four, five minutes have passed.
Yes, it is not that it is average, okay compare
Relatively speaking, obviously the rest is there.
comparatively to all the rest of the people
Insurance companies' tour face if I
If I am comparing them relatively then
Average is another parameter Ritesh is that so
Basically we analyze the Twitter handles of
Every insurance company has a lot of
Meaning frustrated customers first
Want to go to Twitter and file a complaint?
By publicly tagging the insurance company
How about those complaints?
Responses come in that the bot can respond to.
Is it AI responding or someone
Human agent who personalizes
It is us who is giving the responses, not 8:00 pm.
Is it available at night after or not
How quiet was their first response time?
What was the average response time for this type?
Many of us are participants, okay, consider
Let's rate it so in this
If I talk about a parameter,
Average Response Time of ICICI Long
Bard to reply to a tweet is average
Well, some very quickly, not very much reply
Average resonance time average is happening
Resonance time means if a multiple change occurs
is the thread in between the customer and
Insurance customers are the average of all these.
How much time stamps did you bring?
If I understood then that is like the average response
Time and for I number but it is average s
But R Analysis Again Relatively Speaking
It's okay, isn't it, compare to like others?
Insurance average okay got it what is the
Third Third One Third is Hitesh's policy
How many of them at the time of purchase or after purchase
Complaints came at the time of purchase
If the purchase is fine then basically at the time of purchase
Hitesh, how many complaints did these people receive?
Yes, how many complaints at the time of claim
Come, we talked about it
How many complaints were received at the time of purchase?
understood right then that is something which is
Pretty good percentage wise talking it's 1%
For ICI yes it's 1% yes decent like mean
It's quite good, their Better to Believe It or Not
Correct Correct Correct Other Companies Other
If I compare companies relatively
Yes, the decent is quite good in fact.
Right is better than dissent Right is better than dissent
Negligible this next negligible ho right so
Based on the three metrics, definitely V
Consider other metrics also of course for
Sure to in how would we rate mean customer
How we rated the experience
How much did I rate for ICICI Lobert?
Even two complaints at the time of their purchase
It is very less but considering all others
Parameters That We're Talking About Everyone
If I look at the ratings relatively
For customer service specifically for ICIL
Isn't That Great It's 3.1 out of five
what yes but product is good
Claims experience is good but customer
The experience is not good. Customer
The experience is not that good. that much
Not good. Yes ok ok. Meaning, if we
All the parameters are being considered. If
We are considering all parameters.
If you are marking it relatively then it
Not that great. And I'm so confident
ICICI Lobert will be working on it. End
Like you know for sure is gonna improve in the
For show. Yes. So like customers that's why
From V that the entire content that you have
Different content will be available everywhere. hear you
Get the Entire Thing, Not Just the Product
Customer Experience and Claims
Experience. So according to you have to
Make your decision. Ok? So Ayush based on
All the three things product ki apan ne
Rating done. Apan did customer experience
Rating done. AIIMS experience
Rating done. So how would we rate ICICI LBAT
of Elevate Plan Overall and these three which
Broad level parameters are basically products
Benefit Games Experience and Customer
If the aggregate of these three services is taken out
If we look at the overall rating, ICICI Ltd
Has beaten s 4.3 out of at nice 4.3 out
of 8 which is decent rating compare it
Comes in under top three of our recommendations.
yes let's go in the top three here yes okay
Meaning, it also seemed that this product was coming.
It is needed because as much as yes yes it has been done
If there is a product then according to that yes and
The product is good but the customer service is good
Now this podcast is getting shot.
Meaning of Customer Service in Customer Service
Rating is a little low but I am sure I like it
You know this will also improve in the future
Okay Ayush, so let's talk about the product.
If you have done it then 4.3 then you have known the customers
But now what is important is what you and I
What is very important to know is the premiums
Now we have come to the premium section.
Please tell me the premium and compare it.
Taking this with other products in the market
Whatever is in me. Yes. So if we consider the premium
Let's talk about Hitesh basically like I
I already told you there are a lot of riders.
In this. I can provide all these riders without any ads.
Because it doesn't make sense in all
I am doing it by adding riders. His
I am withdrawing the premium. To all riders
If I remove the . Right? and then
I withdraw the premium. and I am taking a
Test case obviously. for like a 30 year
The old couple that we have been taking. 30
year old couple having a one year old
Child. Living in the Mumbai. for like a 10
Lacquer cover. It's like close to ₹15,500.
cheap pretty cheap pretty cheap and this is the
Biggest Reason Hitesh that it has so much
Everything is customizable like an add-on
Available, so these are cheap base plans
If you keep adding add-ons to it then like this
This means that will be the winning period of PED.
If you reduce, the premium will increase right
Any room if you select add on
Then your premium will increase or right but
If I talk about the base premium then
It's like 50, 500, 600, around some of it
It is Lax, but if I am comparing it
With like let's say ah optima secure out
There right right? So Optima Secure's
Around 28,300 for the same test case
Approximately. Isn't it? only because that
There are many things inbuilt in it. 2 x
There is coverage in it. Yesly it is inbuilt a lot
All things are there. So the premium is also higher.
His. There are many more such PS like for
For example, I'm talking about Anywire.
I will do it. Let me talk about its highest variant.
So that is like close to ₹20,000
It is around ₹10,000. Okay sir. this this
It is also diseases. It is deset. Yes. Correct.
Ok? So basically it all boils down.
To give you customization. You have a
Gave a cheap product. give a good product
Gave. Now it's up to you how to play it?
Credit. Right? You have the game. you know the
Rules. You now it's up to you. how you want
To Play That's What To Be. Okay Ayush.
Thanks a lot. Got a lot of information
About this product. I am very
I wanted to know how this product is for a long time.
Is? What are the things inside it?
Why is the market being created so simply?
In about this particular product. Hope
Customers out there who are watching you too
This product must have been understood and based
on the content which we have provided you
Will be able to take proper decisions. At the same time, if
You think we left something out?
Kindly Write It Down in the Comments Section
And we will make sure we will make sure
That we answer every single comment. every one
Clear your doubt. And the best part was
B that we should make a video on this. End
Still if you think that you need this product
If you want more in-depth information about
Don't do anything. In the description we
Provide a link to connect with experts
It is kept. Go ahead and book a call with us.
With the experts. All these experts in India
The top five people experts are
Minimum five years claim settlement period
I have experience. Not Just Experience.
Experience in claim settlement. Wool
You can book a call by going with them. This
You can get more information about the product
Are. And the best part is if you want to
Purchase it you can even purchase. He completes you
Hand holding will be from purchase till
Clips. So that's it. thank you for
Watching.